Update backup-and-restore-storages.md (#5321)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-storages.md

        -d 's3://my-bucket/sql-backup?region=us-west-2'
    ```

> + Use TiDB Lightning to import data from S3 (using request mode for the path type):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Use TiDB Lightning to import data from S3 (using the path style in the request mode):
```
